NICK:
General:
What have you done so far?
	-compiled the excel files
What do you have left to complete?
	-build all the tables to graph/display
What obstacles have you encountered?
	-the beast that is the website tool
Do you think your tasks will be complete by sprint end?
	-Probably not, been too swamped these last two weeks

Nick (Website):
What environment are you creating the website in?
	-inetsoft dashboard tool
How will the website incorporate/ use Brett’s web interface?
	-it’s to run parallel, see which one works better
How will the website incorporate/ use Ben’s python code?
-hopefully ben’s python code will build/compile the excel to be pulled by the software

Do you anticipate any obstacles when intermingling the website with the python code and web interface?
	-unknown. Website takes excel or database files and puts them on the web.


Honestly I think the website stuff is a bust as there is just too much to do to fit the round peg in a square hole. I keep on trying, getting a little closer but it seems that I’m fighting the software. If I understood the software better I would probably be able to do it, but it’s like Linux, there are so many weird ways to do something that to know the ins and outs you would need to take classes on this.

TAYLOR:
General:
What have you done so far?

Codeacademy.com python tutorial and watched videos about django

What do you have left to complete?

Couple more videos of django & checking in on team

What obstacles have you encountered?

Django’s pretty confusing

Do you think your tasks will be complete by sprint end?

Yup!

BRETT:
General:
What have you done so far? Reviewed tons of videos and practices Django

What do you have left to complete? Create web page template

What obstacles have you encountered? Trying to learn Django, html, css

Do you think your tasks will be complete by sprint end? No

Brett (Web interface):
What environment are you building the web interface in? Django

How/ in what environment will the web interface fit together with the website (Nick) and the python code (Ben)? Django is designed to take python code and use it.

Do you anticipate any obstacles on your end when intermingling the different pieces of this project? I have no idea

How will the web interface use Ben’s python code? I have no idea for this either

How will the web interface interact with Nick’s website? Same comment
